Alpha k layer combination (#13)
SpecialeBajs/speciale-rapport: article/Experiment/alpha-k.tex

\subsection{Changing $\alpha_k$}

\subsubsection{Removing $\alpha_k$}\label{subsubsec:remove-alpha-k}
% Overvej om denne subsubsection er interessant nok at have med i sidste udgave af artiklen, eller om den skal i appendix.
The most simple experiment to conduct is by changing $\alpha_k$ from $(1 / (K + 1))$ to $1$ and essentially removing the variable to see what impact it has on the results.

> This will result in the embeddings scaling more, than it otherwise would have with $\alpha_k$ as normalization.

Reviewer: er kommaet korrekt her? synes det virker mærkeligt
Hedder det alpha k as nomalization?

Author: Tror kommaet er forkert. Men tror normalization er korrekt nok.

"In the simplest cases, normalization of ratings means adjusting values measured on different scales to a notionally common scale, often prior to averaging."

As can be seen on \autoref{fig:ndcg-yelp2020-alpha-k} and \autoref{fig:recall-yelp2020-alpha-k} removing $\alpha_k$ decreases performance of LightGCN on the yelp2020 dataset.

> In the initial epochs, LightGCN where $\alpha_k = 1$ it performs better, but quickly starts to decline in performance.

Reviewer: skal nok lige skrive sætningen om

> On the amazon-book dataset it can be seen that LightGCN and LightGCN where $\alpha_k = 1$ performs similarly as on the yelp2020 dataset.

Reviewer: burde nok bare definere lgcn med alpha k= 1 med det specifikt navn i starten af den her tekst. i stil af lgcnAk1. Det er lidt nemmere at holde styr på

\subsection{Changing $\alpha_k$}

\subsubsection{Removing $\alpha_k$}\label{subsubsec:remove-alpha-k}
% Overvej om denne subsubsection er interessant nok at have med i sidste udgave af artiklen, eller om den skal i appendix.

> The simplest experiment to conduct is by changing $\alpha_k$ from $(1 / (K + 1))$ to $1$ and essentially removing the variable to see what impact it has on the results.

Reviewer 2: Er det relevant at fortælle at det er det simpleste experiment ? er det ikke nok bare at introducere experimentet ?

Reviewer 2: hele vejen igennem skifter den her section skifter du imellem  ah sige at vi ændrer alpha k og at vi fjerner alpha k.
tror du skal vælge en

> The most simple experiment to conduct is by changing $\alpha_k$ from $(1 / (K + 1))$ to $1$ and essentially removing the variable to see what impact it has on the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The simplest experiment to conduct is by changing $\alpha_k$ from $(1 / (K + 1))$ to $1$ and essentially removing the variable to see what impact it has on the results.
```

This method is called LightGCN-Ak1 which stands for LightGCN $\alpha_k = 1$.

> This will result in the embeddings scaling more than it otherwise would have with $\alpha_k$ as normalization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This will result in the embeddings scaling more than they otherwise would have with $\alpha_k$ as normalization.
```

> As can be seen on \autoref{fig:ndcg-yelp2020-alpha-k} and \autoref{fig:recall-yelp2020-alpha-k} removing $\alpha_k$ decreases performance of LightGCN on the yelp2020 dataset.

Reviewer 2: her skriver du removing

In the initial epochs, LightGCN-Ak1 performs better, but quickly starts to decline in performance.

> On the amazon-book dataset, it can be seen that LightGCN and LightGCN-Ak1 performs similarly as on the yelp2020 dataset.

Reviewer 2: super mærkelig sætning
